hey what is going on you guys it is mr.
no sleep here from old school runescape
and welcome to a brand new loot video
for you all today so today I bring you
all loot from 50 hours of Kohn our
Slayer and I know that I've done some
Kohner Slayer videos in the past such as
a hundred brimstone keys and of course
the 30-hour of Kona our Slayer one but
lately I've been seeing a lot of you
guys asked for loot from 1,000 abyssal
sires so I figured that I want to do
that video very soon and I need to get
some Slayer points for that so why not
do another cone our Slayer related video
starting at 100 Slayer points and 23
point nine million Slayer XP what you
guys are about to see is 50 hours done
in three days 15 hours the first and
second day and 20 hours on the third I
have since taken like two days off
because that was a long intense grind
throughout this couple days doing all
this Slayer who's also killing ends on
my iron man and the wood cutting kill
the whole entire time too so I had a
focus on that account and of course read
the twits chat so it was kind of hard to
multitask at times but I had some pretty
cool tasks and honestly no complaints
you know you kind of get three things in
one with this video not only do you guys
get to see some Slayer loot from many
different monsters but you also get to
see hard and elite clue scroll caskets
and of course the infamous brimstone
Keys which we will save towards the very
end of the video and if you want to just
skip to that exciting part I don't blame
you just check out the pen comment below
I know that this is definitely a long
video I know some of you guys really
liked the long videos and some of you
not so much you know just kind of there
for the highlights completely understand
both sides but yeah with all that being
said I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video start it off with a steel dragon
task and then we ventured on over to
hydras and instead of killing the
alchemical Hydra I did kill the small
ones mainly because I was trying to
maximize the amount of points that I
could get and I would do certain boss
tasks like for example these Dagon of
Kings here but other boss tasks that
just took way too much time I tried to
avoid for the most part and I did get a
lot of hydro tasks but as I mentioned
before you know you will see a lot of
clues Scrolls in this video and those
small hydras certainly drop a lot of
hards and elites so I was very happy
anytime I did get assign that task and
obviously the higher the combat of the
monster that you kill while doing cone R
slayer the more like
the chances are for you to receive a
brimstone key which is very good for
these Dagon of Kings because they are
such high combat and unfortunately other
than of course a few clues and a seers
and warriors ring I didn't really have
any luck with this DK task but I did
manage to pick up a few keys so that's
nice same thing pretty much happened
with my next task which happens to be
crackin I was getting a lot of boss
tasks early on in this video
surprisingly and I really do enjoy
cracking tasks especially trying out the
saying staff which is the theater of
blood staff for the first ever time
there and I virtually never had to bank
I didn't even need to use prayer or any
food so I was really incredible and I
didn't get a trident or anything special
from that just a few keys and one task
that I actually wish I would have
blocked before coming into this video
would be Drake's I never really knew how
bad they were until so many different
people in my twitch chat kept asking me
why I was doing them then I realized you
know they're very slow and they don't
really drop anything profitable at all
you know at least with hydras you can
expect to maybe complete a brimstone key
or something but yeah the Drake's I
definitely should have blocked
beforehand but moving on we did get a
few wyvern tasks both skeletal and
fossil island and they never disappoint
you know I always get brimstone key from
these tasks and on top of the brimstone
Keys you can definitely expect some
really nice Alka balls as well as some
rares even from the fossil Island
wyverns one of them being granite boots
which actually are one mill and funny
enough when I did loot from 1,000 agents
I believe these boots were three point
five mil and now they are all the way
down to one mil and as it goes for the
granite longsword I believe that was
500k and now just about a year and a
half later it is down to 26 K that is
crazy I mean you think the economy's
going bad in the real world and you look
at the runescape one I mean certain
items really do go down over time but
then again there are some items that go
up over time so I can't complain too
much and back at another steel dragon
test this is our second one of the video
and we did manage to get a dragon plate
skirt so at least this wasn't for
nothing really don't get too excited
when I get a metal dragon task I don't
think any of us do really but the dragon
hunter Lance does run through those
dragons very quickly and I use the Lance
out a lot of different monsters I would
definitely say the top two weapons that
I use for this video would definitely be
the rapier in the dragon
- Lance just two incredibly accurate
weapons and definitely worth the price
although they are a lot of money these
days and once asked that I was actually
very unfamiliar with was darkbeast in
the Isleworth cave I don't know if I'm
pronouncing that right but is basically
in the elf City and I was getting some
crystal shards from dark beasts that I
was killing and I looked those up and
apparently those crystal shards can be
used for a future loot video which is
gonna be enhanced crystal key chests and
I was also talking to someone at the
grand exchange today and they told me
that I can do some farming in order to
get more of these shards and that way I
can get that video done even faster so
I'm really excited about that you guys
hopefully will see that within the next
two months I would say it is gonna take
quite a while to get enough of those
shards to do 1,000 enhanced crystal key
chests but I just wanted to throw that
idea out to you guys see what you guys
think maybe let me know in the comment
section below if that's something that
you're looking forward to moving on
though here we are doing a cow fight
slayer task I did not do Cal fight Queen
it's still something that I've never
even done more than ten times before so
I just went about killing the Guardians
the very high levels and they don't
really drop anything but of course you
can expect to get some brimstone keys
from them as well and back at another
Dragon this time rune dragons and I got
this task I think three times throughout
this video which was awesome because you
can always expect really good drops from
rune dragons a lot of alka balls and a
lot of dragon items as well and speaking
of dragon any time that I would get
dragon bones or Hydra trach worm bones
whatever bones they would be I would
always be using my bone crusher necklace
so that not only was I getting Slayer
and strength XP throughout this video
but I was also getting a ton of prayer
XP as well couldn't really bring it to
this task here over at Zora cuz already
- surly drop any bones but we did manage
to do a lot of kills in one inventory
with that saying staff and of course get
an elite clue scroll on top of some more
brimstone keys so it was a nice task and
another item that I was bringing in my
inventory throughout the whole video was
a rune pouch because I was on Lunars and
anytime that I finished the task instead
of using my fairy ring and going all the
way back to Kona for a new one I would
just use NPC contacts since I was on the
lunar spell book now if you do have
Diaries completed I'm pretty sure you
can teleport directly to cone R along
with a lot of other great advantages and
bonuses with those Diaries of kibbles
completed but you guys know me i'm
slacking on the diary's so I just went
with NPC contact but hopefully I do a
diary and a quest related video soon I
think it's understandable for me to not
have an inferno cape you know you guys
giving me some slack on that but
definitely not the quest cape or the
achievement Diaries been getting a lot
of complaints lately on that and I
completely understand it's it's pretty
ridiculous that I still haven't done
them all yet seeing as much as I play so
and especially how helpful they all will
be so learn from my mistakes get your
Diaries completed was on rune light of
course the whole entire video - which
was very helpful with the cannon spots
as well as all the clue scroll puzzles
and answers really just solves all your
puzzles for you still getting used to it
but you know we are using rune light
more and more these days so big
shout-out to that and as you can see in
that quick little clip there the bank
tab was growing I think we were over
halfway into the video and we had over
36 brimstone keys at this point my
prediction going into this video was 50
brimstone keys for 50 hours I figured
that was a pretty OnPoint prediction you
know one brimstone key every single hour
but since we got so many Hydra tasks and
so many Drake tasks as well as just so
many different monsters that were high
levels that I could also use a cannon
and there was even a few dust devil and
smoke double tasks where I could just
barrage and Cannon get a lot more kills
per hour and a lot more tasks ton per
hour as well I definitely was going over
the drop rate that I was predicting so I
was really nice to see and one really
nice thing that happened midway in was
of course me finishing a brimstone key
from all these Hydra tasks because I was
able to get the three parts that you do
need fang the heart and the eye and yeah
that was a solid three mil to the bank
tab so that was really nice and really
surprising because the drop rate is very
high on all those parts from the small
hydras and there would be occasions
where I would kill the alchemical one
just a few times though I'd probably do
it like five alchemical Hydra kills per
task nothing too crazy just a few kills
to please some people you know and also
maybe get a shot at the clock as that
would have been a huge boost to the tab
overall but yeah most of the time I was
just hoping for fast tasks to maximize
the amount of points that I could get an
hour because cone R is really the top
dog you know any time you do finish 10
tasks you do get the biggest bonus from
Konar that's why you see a lot of people
do to rail skipping which is essentially
using a low-level Slayer master called
two rail four nine Slayer tasks and then
the very last one you would do
and you would get a massive bonus I
might actually be doing a video on that
in the future cuz I think it's a pretty
cool idea that not everybody knows about
and I could still make for some
interesting loot you know you get a lot
of beginner clues and Easy's and meds
from the lower level tasks and then of
course all the heights here Luther
you're kind of seeing in this video so
you guys might see that before I do the
zyre video not too sure yet we're just
gonna have to see how the Slayer points
play out so you'll see at the very end
how many we do get and if you think
that'll be enough for a thousand sire
let me know in the comments below I do
of course have that max cape perk as
well where I could possibly get a
back-to-back Slayer task so that could
come in handy for that video as well as
any other Slayer related video did see
some Superior's when killing dark beasts
as well as abyssal demons but didn't
really get anything too crazy from them
but I did see my first whip drop which
was pretty later on into the video I'll
2.4 million
to alchemical Hydra for the second to
last time I did get a Hydra tail which
is pretty rare but not really worth
anything that's actually what they used
to make the Dragon bow necklace and that
dragon bone necklace since it does
convert into a bone crusher necklace was
really useful for the catacombs
especially on tasks like dust devils and
even jellies which I think I forgot to
bring into mists inventory but yeah you
do get a lot of prayer points back when
you bring necklaces like that so that's
always nice nice to save money seeing as
prayer and super restore potions are at
an all-time high of fourteen point four
k absolutely ridiculous and we did get
another Dagon of King tasks but
unfortunately it was assigned as a boss
task which means the max number I think
was 33 or 35 to kill so I did do the
whole task and of course got another
warriors ring but decided to do one more
Dagon of kill off task because I just
had a good feeling and go figure I did
manage to get a berserker ring and most
of my chat was telling me no you can't
add that into the video cuz it wasn't on
task but you know what I'm gonna do it
anyway so yeah that's that I got it
because I was on task and it just so
happened to be achieved off task yeah
whatever you guys know the rest so you
know extra two point three melts at the
price check every bit helps I was dying
my fair share as well you know there
would be occasions where I would just
look away for two seconds on a certain
monster and just drop dead most of the
time it was just on bosses but like I
said I was trying to avoid
so that I get at more points overall I
was just getting so many hydras and so
many Drake tasks and different dragons
and whatnot I mean I will say Cohen are
you will see a lot of variety as it goes
for the monsters in the loo but there
were times where I just saw a lot of
repetition I mean I don't know maybe the
days are just kind of blending in but
nevertheless we are coming to a close
here just finishing this Hydra task and
moving on to the hard and elite coup
scroll that I did get from it and then
finishing this loot from 50 hours of
cone our Slayer with a dust devil task I
did actually get to superiors during
this task and unfortunately for me I did
not get an imbued heart or anything else
you know still dry from these superiors
which is really unfortunate never had an
imbued heart on any of my accounts but
just like Third Age that is a big goal
of mine one day and we will get it but
for now ladies and gentlemen we are done
50 hours of Cohen our Slayer has been
completed in three days time one of my
most dedicated grinds I mean this was
more intense than the Corp video as it
goes for the hours put in definitely not
the clicking clicking wasn't too bad but
we did finish with 64 brimstone keys and
before we open all of those we are going
to price check all of the items
individually I know I was on rune light
for this video so you may be shaking
your head asking why did we calculate
things that were already calculated for
us but it is tradition and I was pretty
much just unaware that the bank tags
were on so that's my fault yeah let's go
ahead and get into this price check see
how much we made from the very first
price check we did have 2.2 mil and
moving on to the second one there is a
lot of items to go through this was
pretty much all of the bones the rune
items and all the seeds that we did get
throughout these 50 hours did expect
some more tagging if King tasks or at
least I was hoping for more but you know
it is what it is we did come out with
just about 9.2 milk price check and
moving on to the second one this is all
of the dragon items the ADI items the
fire staffs all the battle staffs in
general the rune bars from those rune
dragons which was an additional two mill
to the price check and of course the
abyssal whip so that third price check
coming out to be eight mill and then we
move on to the fourth price check which
is a pretty unique that I forgot to
mention the dragon knives that we did
get from those small hydras as well
which was an additional one mill so yeah
the fourth price check coming out to be
three point two mill overall and coming
to a close
the fifth and final price check this is
all of the Rings this is the occult
necklace as well as the Zolder lute and
the ancient wyvern lute and the
brimstone ring that we did get from
those hydras which was the top dog item
at 3.6 mil that price check coming out
to be nine point eight mil so the
overall loot from 50 hours of cone our
Slayer just in the drops themselves not
including the brimstone keys not
including the clue scrolls comes out to
be thirty two point four mil not the
best it's definitely a lot less than
what I made in the 30-hour loot video
but in that video we were lucky enough
to get our middle pieces along with a
lot of other good rng so he can't be
lucky every time but maybe we will see
some luck from these brimstone keys or
the hard clues I will actually guarantee
you that you're gonna see some luck at
least one time during all of these
openings whether it's the keys or the
caskets you're soon gonna find out but
yeah just kind of opening these caskets
here getting a lot of great resources
it's a shame that gold ore went down so
much as well as just you know gems in
general but as it goes for certain seeds
and of course certain other loot like
the rune or as well as the renewer seeds
being really high right now we did make
some pretty good money off of this and
you didn't have to actually use the key
on the chest you can actually open the
chest by clicking on it once I don't
know why I was doing it the other way I
was up for about 24 hours at this point
in the video so I was really tired so
don't mind the mistakes big shout out to
everyone who came to the chest opening
really nice you guys to do that and a
big shout out to the twitch chat' as
well for getting me through this a lot
of you guys really entertained me a lot
of motivation it was there the whole
time even in the times of being
exhausted just had a lot of support from
the community so big shout out to all of
you who are there you guys know who you
are and here we finally are no dusk
pieces unfortunately just as it goes for
the rare drops we did get some dragon
fruit tree seeds that's pretty much the
highlight from the keys and overall the
loot from 64 brimstone keys does come
out to be seven point two mil again I
did get 14 more keys than I thought I
was so I mean I will take that it's a
nice bonus no doubt about it now it is
time to open up all of the hard clues
followed by the elite clues so wish us
luck for that pretty above-average
rewards so far a lot of 200 caves you
know you don't see that too often in
these hard clues and something else that
you don't see too often is the rarest
item that I ever
from a clue scroll so far the gilded
two-hander at a rate of one in
thirty-five thousand seven hundred and
fifty we did receive our closest item to
Third Age yet and this being on the main
there was of course the gilded med helm
that I got a couple videos ago on the
alternate account well we don't have to
talk about that one the gilded 2h being
a three mil valued item definitely one
of the highlights of this video
something that I did not expect to see
at all especially from the hard clues
Scrolls yeah you know we're finally
getting up there in the clue scroll
Casey you know we are over 600 clues in
now and all of those were just devoted
to the loot series I mean we've never
done an individual hard clue scroll
video I think in the future you know
loot from 1000 art Clues is definitely
possible but I'm just not too sure I
still would like to do mediums as well
as beginners and then we can of course
venture onto hearts one day from all
these seventeen hard clues girl caskets
though we did walk away with just about
four point six mil it up so that is not
too bad now we are going to go ahead and
see if we get any luck from the nine
elite clues girl caskets I you know a
lot of ornament kits from the hards as
well as from the elites but sadly those
are just not worth anything did manage
to get a giant boot though which I will
say I never knew existed until now and
it makes for quite the hat so I did have
to put that on
shortly after I open all these kind of
looks like a burnt loaf of bread but you
know fashion scape is fashion skiing and
yeah just kind of finishing the openings
here a lot of 200k he's a lot of 100
Kay's and unfortunately still nothing
from the elite clues alright though we
did get the gilded end we did get the
boots so you know I will take it and
yeah overall just about 45 mil profit
from all of the cool scrolls all of the
brimstone keys on top of all of the
Slayer loot I in about 50 hours of Kohn
our Slayer spent over about 15,000
cannonballs as well as a decent amount
on runes and potions but not too much to
where we lost money I would still say
without a doubt we profited over 35 mil
and over 1,300 Slayer points were gained
so it's a good dent and all the Slayer
points that we are going to be needing
for a loot from 1,000 abyssal sire which
was the goal from the start and we did
make some good money and we had a lot of
fun so with all that being said guys
thank you so much for watching the video
and I will see you guys in two days with
another one
it'll either be brutal blue dragons or
her boxes so until next time mister no
sleep out